56538: Added section on swap memory. (#639)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

* :ref:`Importing a Disk`: import a **single** disk that is
  formatted with the UFS, NTFS, MSDOS, or EXT2 filesystem.

> * :ref:`Swap Memory`: Change the swap size.

Reviewer: This is probably best known as "Swap Space".  "Memory" generally is understood to be RAM.
```suggestion
* :ref:`Swap Space`: Change the swap space size.
```

#endif truenas

.. index:: Swap Memory
.. _Swap Memory:

Swap Memory
-----------

> Swap memory is a partition of space on hard disk set aside to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swap is space on a disk set aside to be used
```

> as memory. When the system runs out of physical memory or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as memory. When the %brand% system runs low on memory,
```

> when an application is not being used regularly, it temporarily stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
less-used data can be "swapped" onto the disk, freeing up memory.
```

> the application in the swap size specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> When %brand% creates swap memory, it uses the available hard disk to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reliability, %brand% creates swap space as mirrors of swap partitions on pairs of individual disks.
```

> create a mirrored swap. For example, if the system has three hard disks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the system has three hard disks, a swap mirror is created
```

> then a mirror is created using two of the three drives. By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with two of the drives, and the third drive is not used. A system with four
drives creates two swap mirrors.
```

> default, all data disks are created with two Gib of swap space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Swap space is allocated when drives are added to a :ref:`vdev`.
```

> Change the swap size by going to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swap space is 2 GiB by default. The size of space to allocate is set in
```

:menuselection:`System --> Advanced`

> and entering a new value in the *Swap size in Gib* field. Changing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the *Swap size in Gib* field. Changing the
```

value does not affect the amount of swap on existing disks,

> only disks added after the change. Does not affect log or cache devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only disks added after the change. This does not affect log or cache devices,
```

> as they are created without swap. Enter *0* to disable swap completely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which are created without swap. Swap can be disabled by entering *0*,
```

> which is **strongly discouraged.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but that is **strongly discouraged.**
```

#endif truenas

.. index:: Swap Space
.. _Swap Space:

Swap Space
-----------

Swap is space on a disk set aside to be used
as memory. When the %brand% system runs low on memory,

> less-used data can be "swapped" onto the disk, freeing up memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
less-used data can be "swapped" onto the disk, freeing up main memory.
```
Rewrap lines in this paragraph, too.

For reliability, %brand% creates swap space as mirrors of swap
partitions on pairs of individual disks. For example, if the system has

> three hard disks, a swap mirror is created with two of the drives, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
three hard disks, a swap mirror is created from the swap partitions on two of the drives.
```

> the third drive is not used. A system with four drives creates two swap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third drive is not used, because it does not have redundancy. On a system with four drives, two swap
```

> mirrors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mirrors are created.
```

> Swap space is allocated when drives are added to a vdev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Swap space is allocated when drives are partitioned before being added to a `vdev<ZFS Primer>`.
```
(Might need work on the markup for the link.)

> (see :ref:`ZFS Primer`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(see the :ref:`ZFS Primer`).
```

> (see :ref:`ZFS Primer`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Swap space is 2 GiB by default. The size of space to allocate is set in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 2 GiB partition for swap space is created on each data drive by default. The size of space to allocate can be changed in
```
